SDK-000 Added missed Profiler integration guide pieces. (#1983)
spryker/spryker-docs: docs/scos/dev/technical-enhancement-integration-guides/Integrate-profiler-module.md

{% endinfo_block %}

```shell
composer require --dev spryker/profiler --ignore-platform-reqs
```

> ### 4) Set up behavior

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Set up behavior
```

    }
}
```

> # 5) Generate transfers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Generate transfers
```

> Please run `console transfer:generate` command to generate all the necessary transfer objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the `console transfer:generate` command to generate all the necessary transfer objects.
```

> # 6) Enable the configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Enable the configuration
```

> Module Profile works as a part of Web Profiler feature. By default, Web Profiler can be disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Module Profile works as a part of Web Profiler feature. By default, Web Profiler is disabled.
```
